Welcome to Master Village.
(A Guide to Players)
We are the members of 2nd season.
Did Hyun Moo quit?
Didn't you know I was coming today?
You should be here earlier
than others.
- You look so old.
- Well...
- I am from City Council.
- Okay.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
They were the members of I.O.I.
- Yes.
- They missed each other.
- Good.
- She sings well.
Aren't you an actress now?
You're making me blush.
- Don't mention it.
- You're an actress now.
- She's a good actress as well.
- Thank you.
You've been busy lately.
(A Healing Master, Chae Yeon)
- You have to dance like this.
- Oh, I see.
- It's a rabbit dance.
- It is.
We had to dance like this back then.
The rabbit dance looks
more relaxed now.
She's so busy these days.
She's on many commercials as well.
Reporting for duty. Salute!
(It's his first comeback show after
he was discharged from the army.)
As you all know,
I was discharged from the army.
- What else do I have to say?
- Why is he struggling to talk?
You should mention
Super Junior's return.
You should sing for us then.
He is actually in charge of dancing
in his team.
(He dances awkwardly.)
It's so embarrassing. I just hope
that Super Junior will do well.
- We hope that too.
- Yes.
- It's going to be fun today.
- Hello.
Nice to meet you all.
I am Hong Gi from FTIsland.
- He's handsome.
- I was talking to him earlier,
- and he hopes that...
- I hope I sing well.
he sings well for his new album.
I'm currently preparing
for a musical at the moment.
I'm Sung Jong from Infinite.
Nice to meet you all.
(A Lemon Candy Master, Sung Jong)
He barely goes out.
- I haven't been outside.
- Is that why you look so pale?
I don't have any work to do
these days.
Hello.
I am Bobby, and I'm currently
staying in Yeonnam-dong.
I like his voice.
- He said he lives in Yeonnam-dong.
- Yeonnam-dong?
Come on, Bobby.
(Show us your moves.)
(The dance battle continues.)
(An Award Winner, Jong Min)
- He's still good.
- Hello, I'm Shownu of Monsta X.
(A Powerful Master, Shownu)
Hello everyone, I'm Henry.
I will do well today.
Please find a key to enter...
Room of Fate.
- Players, start searching.
- Where do I find the key?
What do I do? I'm so bad at this
kind of games.
Where do I find the key?
Gosh.
Oh, it's here!
I found it.
(Chae Yeon found the key.)
It's here! It's in a black box.
Finally.
- I found one.
- It's in a box.
- Many of us found the keys.
- Sung Jong found one as well.
What do we do with this key?
You have to trick others.
You should not tell others that
you have the Master Key.
(Players can find the real
Master Key in Room of Fate.)
This place looks amazing.
You have to control
your face expressions.
The door is closing.
(Players entered.)
- I love this place.
- It's like an amusement park.
- This is amazing.
- He's here.
Players, you all did a good job
on finding the keys.
- Thank you.
- You're in...
Room of Fate
which will determine...
the fate of your keys
in Master Village.
I will now tell you how the keys
you're holding will...
affect your fate on this show
in detail.
Please open the lid of the podium
placed in front of you.
- What's this?
- Look at this.
Among 12 keys,
there are only two Master Keys
that can open the box.
We have to guess two people who
have the Master Keys accurately.
That's how we'll win
the prize money. Also, the person...
with a Master Key who finds
another person with a Master Key...
without getting caught,
that person will win the prize.
We won't know
who has the Master Key.
People who have the keys
must give each other signals.
- Okay?
- The important thing is that...
whoever has a Master Key only has to
find another player with the key.
That's how you will have higher
possibility of winning.
Do all of you understand the rules?
- Yes.
- All right.
Whose keys are the Master Keys?
- Do we put this around our neck?
- From now,
I will inform you how to check
if your keys are Master Keys.
- Put it around your neck.
- First,
place your keys
on the counter.
And ask this question,
"Is this key the Master Key?"
When you do, the counter will
give you the answer.
It's now time to open the counter.
I will check it first.
This is what you have to do.
Place your key on the counter...
All right.
Is this the Master Key?
(He will find out his fate
with his own eyes.)
Just don't let the people
beside you see it.
- You have to...
- All right.
(What does his smile mean?)
Why are you trying to smile?
- Are you doing it on purpose?
- He's done.
He hesitated for a while.
No. He doesn't have the Master Key.
- He doesn't have it.
- He doesn't.
This is what you have to do, okay?
- All right. Next is Chan Sung.
- Okay.
We won't know if a person is
pretending or not.
- Even if it's not the Master Key.
- Hong Gi, you know how to act.
"Magic Kid, Masuri".
Don't talk about it. You're mean.
Gosh.
Hong Gi looks like a magician too.
I'm sure he will act well.
- I wasn't the magician.
- He acted for quite long.
Do I place it here?
Is this the Master Key?
- Let's check his face.
- Yes.
- It's not saying anything.
- Just keep looking at it.
It's on.
(What?)
He has the Master Key.
- He looks so surprised.
- His ears are blushing.
His ears are.
- Look at his ears.
- His ears are red.
(His ears tuned red.)
Do you really have the Master Key?
It's just because I'm getting
so much attention all of a sudden.
Did you see O or X on the screen?
I don't know.
We just have to find one more player
with the Master Key then.
(Chan Sung proved it
with his body language.)
We've found one already.
- He looked quite surprised earlier.
- Why are you sweating?
- He definitely has the Master Key.
- All right. Next is Se Jeong.
She's good at acting.
Gosh. This is nerve-wracking.
It's really hard to tell...
if the person
always has a smile on.
Is this the Master Key?
We have to check her face.
(She keeps her smile.)
- Did you check the answer?
- She is smiling.
Yes.
You see, we won't know anything
if she keeps smiling like that.
- No one knows it yet.
- We don't.
All right. Hong Gi's turn.
Okay.
- Magic Kid, action.
- Stop it.
He's a senior actor.
- He is.
- Is this the Master Key?
Let's find out.
You can act as well.
Hong Gi is thorough.
He will hide it well.
- His acting is good.
- Look at him smiling.
(Twitching)
He looked weird.
You looked funny.
His facial expression didn't
look natural.
It's written with small letters.
Was something written on it?
(Letters?)
He has the Master Key then.
- There are some letters.
We're asking him random questions.
Why are you smiling?
- What are you talking about?
- This is a fun game.
- It is.
- Yes, it is.
I like it.
Chae Yeon might have the Master Key.
She's bad at lying as well.
Is this key the Master Key?
(Question of Fate,
"Is this key the Master Key?")
(How will she react?)
(She just smiles brightly.)
- Gosh. This is hard.
- I wonder why she is smiling.
- She doesn't know how to act.
- Exactly.
She didn't know what to do.
She would've stayed still
if there was an X.
She looks so surprised.
- "What do I do?"
- That's not it.
- She didn't know what to do.
- It took time to show on screen.
She said it took some time to
show on screen.
- Jong Min.
- Yes?
Is that authentic leather?
Let's test it with a lighter.
"Let's test it with a lighter."
Why do you want to test it?
(No. This is my favorite jacket.)
- "Let's test it with a lighter."
- I'm sure one of them has the key.
- I could smell the fake leather.
- I did as well.
Is this key the Master Key?
I can't tell
because of his small eyes.
I don't think he has the Master Key.
Is this key the Master Key?
Hey.
- Show us your face.
- I can only see his hair.
He doesn't have it.
- Gosh.
That was so old-fashioned.
But he always acts the same
even when he gets O...
or X. We can't tell.
- Really?
- He's good at tricking people.
He's always like that.
Shall I check mine now?
I also have experience in acting.
Which one were you on?
- It's called "Lemon Candy".
- "Lemon Candy".
I've seen it as well.
Tell us more about it
(Legendary footage)
It's called bad acting.
It was one of the worst.
"When you have a lot on your mind,
have a lemon candy."
(When you have a lot on your mind,
have a lemon candy.)
- His acting is better now.
- My goodness.
What are you saying?
Do you really think
his acting has gotten better?
- Let's see.
- I will check it now.
(What will be his fate?)
You have to answer
with the voice you just did.
Is this key the Master Key?
I want to see it.
He's checking it now.
Yes.
(He answers randomly.)
(His acting skills never
let us down.)
- That was my acting.
- "Is this key the Master Key?"
- He answered his question.
- "Yes."
Are you saying your key is
the Master Key?
- Next is Bobby.
- Is it my turn now?
I will check it now.
Please. I beg you.
- Okay. Show me.
- Come on.
Is this key the Master Key?
Look at his eyes.
Bobby and Shownu both have
small eyes.
(Laughing)
He checked it again.
When someone checks it again...
Check it again.
(He laughs again.)
He was acting when he checked it
for the first time.
I don't know if he was acting when
he checked it for the second time.
I think he was really checking it
again to make sure.
- You're right.
- Henry, it's your turn.
Is this key the Master Key?
(Question of Fate,
Is this key the Master Key?)
- He doesn't have it.
- He's not it.
- Oh my gosh.
- Whatever.
- Wow.
- Yes, whatever.
Okay. Whatever.
(Judge for yourself.)
- Next is Eun Hyuk.
- Okay.
Henry is lying.
Eun Hyuk is so bad at lying.
He can't control
his facial expression.
This is similar to the mafia game.
What if he shows a serious face
after he checks the answer?
Is this key the Master Key?
He's bad at lying.
- He saw something.
- Show us your face.
Because the viewers can also
guess together while they watch.
- He's overreacting.
- His key is not the Master Key.
- Gosh.
- He's so innocent.
- I'm sure he doesn't have it.
- He's disappointed.
He's overreacting.
I did the same on the first episode.
(He can't stop laughing.)
(He looks like he's overreacting
somehow.)
(What?)
(Wait)
(Laughing)
(He's acting strange.
Is his key really the Master Key?)
(He's surely acting strange.
Let's find out now.)
No pressure. Check it comfortably.
We will wait and
check your reaction.
Is this key the Master Key?
(Is this key the Master Key?)
(He has the Master Key.)
(Gosh. I don't know what to do.)
He doesn't have the Master Key.
(All the players were tricked
by his overreaction.)
- He did well.
- He's trying so hard.
(He closes it
so that no one can see the result.)
(He's feeling the weight
of Master Key.)
(Stay calm.)
You did well.
You were overreacting.
(Confusing)
I don't think he has the Master Key.
- This is hard.
- Stop lying.
(If I have one of the Master Keys,)
(I have to look for another
player with the Master Key.)
(Who had the strangest reaction?)
- You don't have the Master Key.
- Let's go.
Okay. This is going to be fun.
- Su Geun, you can't use them all.
- Gosh.
(He observes Su Geun more carefully
than the other players.)
Is this key the Master Key?
Look at Su Geun's lips.
- Yes!
- Okay.
His acting never gets better.
- He doesn't have it.
- Gosh.
- His acting is so bad.
- He doesn't have the Master Key.
It shouldn't be like this.
- I don't think he has one.
- Your acting is so bad.
It's been a month already.
Shall we guess
who has the Master keys?
- I think...
- I'm sure Bobby has one.
Really?
He looked quite flustered.
I think Chae Yeon and Bobby
have the Master Keys.
- I think Bobby has the key.
- I think so too.
I think Bobby and Chan Sung
have the Master Keys.
Chan Sung?
I think it's a good guess.
His ears were so red.
They were.
- I think Eun Hyuk has one too.
- That's right.
- No way.
- Eun Hyuk?
I think Hong Gi has one.
Why?
He started throwing out the names
straight after Su Geun asked.
I can assure you that I have
the Master Key.
Did you see? As soon I said it,
the bell started ringing.
The bell agrees.
All right. Now, every player
has finished checking the keys.
First, all the players must go to
the locker-room...
to get changed into
different outfits.
- Let's go.
- This is fun.
Do we leave this place?
Here is the hat.
- Thank you.
- Move.
- Henry.
- Yes?
You don't have the key.
You don't have the key, right?
I'm sure you don't have the key.
Hong Gi doesn't have it either.
I don't have it.
- Sung Jong doesn't have it.
- You don't have one either.
I think he has one.
I have a slight feeling that
Chan Sung has the key.
- That's possible.
- Where are the costumes?
Why did you take so long?
Can't I hide the camera?
I'm a little embarrassed.
Who do you think have
the Master Keys?
I definitely don't think
Henry has one.
- No, he doesn't.
- No.
Let's find out.
I think Se Jeong has one.
Her facial expression changed.
- Her eyes look different.
- They do.
- Gosh.
- I can tell.
You did get surprised when
you saw O on the screen, right?
Gosh. No.
It might be Chae Yeon.
We never know.
She's not saying anything.
- Exactly.
- No.
I don't lie to people.
But...
- You're lying now.
- How long have you been on TV?
Yes. I'm not lying.
- I will trust you.
- No. Don't trust me.
I think Eun Hyuk has one.
- Eun Hyuk?
- Why?
He looked very relaxed.
(Did Eun Hyuk look relaxed?)
It's because he has it.
I was just observing others.
I have to stay relaxed...
to calm you down a little.
(He's talking gibberish.)
That's why I'm keeping myself calm.
It might be me though.
What is he saying?
You're irritated that
no one is giving you attention.
- You want attention.
- No one cares about me.
Why isn't anyone suspicious of me?
Hong Gi is acting strange too.
No. It's not me.
No, it's not Hong Gi.
I think Bobby has one.
(Which player has
the other Master Key?)
Let's go.
Bruno Mars.
(They enter the search-room.)
This is how heavy
the Master Key is.
the Master Key weighs.
- You're back is bending.
- No.
- Stand in orders.
- Stand next to your team members.
Let's name our teams.
We just went with
Team Su Geun and Team Hyun Moo.
- It was like a sports day.
- It was.
Shall we name our team
as Team Handsome?
- Good.
- It's a great idea.
It's a great idea.
We will go with Team Handsome.
You shouldn't compare our looks.
Jong Min is ruining it.
Bobby isn't good looking either.
What are you talking about?
- Su Geun, that was a harsh comment.
- What are you talking about?
You're not handsome.
You just look unique.
- He looks similar to me.
- That's right.
Look. He admits it.
I don't think he does.
I like looking unique
than looking handsome.
- Being unique is better.
- Of course.
This can be childish.
Let's play a small game.
Se Jeong and Chae Yeon...
Chae Yeon, who is your type?
- This is for fun.
Choose one person.
Someone close to your type.
- She has someone on her mind.
- She's thinking hard.
- There are two guys.
- Are there?
- Okay.
- Who are they?
I'm curious.
- Those two are out already.
- Right?
Please look at us as well.
She's not even looking at you.
This is unfair for Bobby.
- She might choose Bobby though.
- Are you okay?
- It's okay.
- I'm okay.
- What do you think of Jong Min?
- And Bobby?
He's kind.
(She ends the conversation.)
She drew the line.
- She doesn't like him.
- She's blocking him.
She is.
- She is.
- She put a wall between them.
- She didn't even say he's cute.
She just said I'm kind.
I'm not kind at all.
Okay. Let's all...
Every player should put away
their keys in their team's box.
Every key that you have
around your neck.
- It's over there.
- I see.
Do we write our names on it?
(Who holds the Master Key?)
(Key Guide)
It worked last week.
If you look at the guide,
you will find the reasons
why you have to win the games.
As you all know,
there is an individual game...
at the end.
But first, you have to
support your team to win...
- in order to receive the hints.
- Really?
Let's have a look.
If you win a game, you'll get a
chance to win one of the Key Guides.
We have to do well.
"We can find out if the other team
has the Master Key."
We can find out if they have one.
"We can find out if the other team
has the Master Key."
Isn't this a really big hint?
No. No.
- It is.
- What about our members?
We might have two players
with the Master Keys.
"We give one of our keys,"
"then we can check
one of their keys."
- This one is great.
- I like this one.
We might choose Chae Yeon's...
- Or Chan Sung's.
- And...
- I'd like to check Hong Gi's.
- Hong Gi?
I think this is better,
but this isn't that good, is it?
- I agree.
- "Reading their minds with eyes."
How could we figure them out?
- This...
- They'll certainly figure you out.
(They can choose 1 player and
read his or her mind with eyes.)
- They actually might.
- Exactly.
I won't be able to keep it together.
- This one is good too.
- All right.
- Okay. Let's start.
- Let's get the first Key Guide.
This segment deeply hurt me.
- This is such a cruel segment.
- Well...
The player with the most
votes online...
by the Watchers will receive
the Gold Chance Card.
They release the rankings from the
players with most and least votes.
- That's harsh.
- It'll give you an idea to survive.
- What if I'm voted the least?
- You're the last.
- Hyun Moo was ranked last.
- He got the least number of votes.
What if he's ranked last again?
- I have a confession...
- Again?
- to make.
- That'd hurt him a lot.
(Hyun Moo makes a confession.)
I voted this week.
- Seriously?
- He's serious.
- You didn't tell me I couldn't.
- Did you really vote?
I participated
in the voting process.
- Okay.
- I logged in to the website.
I haven't used my username
for the SBS website in ages.
- Okay then.
- Please reveal the player...
- Watchers supported the most.
- I hope he or she is from our team.
- The player must be from our team.
- He or she must be in our team.
- In the world...
- It could be Chae Yeon.
- Chan Sung is pretty popular.
- I wish it's a player of our team.
- All right. Here we go!
- I think it might be.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Show us!
- Who is it?
(Eun Hyuk)
(Eun Hyuk gets the most votes.)
Really?
Is this true?
- Is this real?
- The soldiers have come together.
This is amazing.
(He salutes to the Watchers
who supported him.)
- Thank you.
- Eun Hyuk takes the first place.
All right. Please tell us the player
with the least votes.
- We're going at it right away.
- Among 12 players,
- this player was the least popular.
- Hey, don't say that.
- The least popular player is...
- It's Jong Min.
(Which player will have the honor
of taking the last place?)
(Jun Hyun Moo)
It's Jong Min.
(Jun Hyun Moo is ranked 12th.)
- Goodness.
- It's you again, Hyun Moo.
Hey, let's get rid of this segment.
- Oh, my.
- Get away from me.
- Are you okay?
- I mean...
- Please don't get the wrong idea.
- Hey, this isn't everything.
I'm ranked last even
with the vote I cast for myself?
- Hey.
- Get back to your spot.
Don't be disheartened.
Popularity comes and goes.
- I wish it'd come even for a bit.
- It never comes to him.
- All right. Eun Hyuk.
- Yes.
- You may pick 1 of the 2 envelopes.
- Thank you.
- I'm so envious.
- The wrong one will enlist you.
- How do I...
I see. Just like this?
I should read it like this?
You should read it by yourself.
(The winner can pick 1 of 2 Gold
Chance Cards and use it whenever.)
I don't think he knows
which one is helpful yet.
You cannot tell us what it is.
(It's a strong Chance Card that
can turn the table around.)
I've never seen someone taking
that long to understand a card.
(As he's holding the Master Key,
things have gotten better for him.)
(Eun Hyuk, the owner of the Master
Key, won the Gold Chance Card.)
(What will his move be to figure out
the other owner of the Master Key?)
- Tell us the first game.
- MVP. Let's go.
- It's Group Pictionary.
- Group Pictionary.
- I see.
- Pictionary.
This is very simple.
Five of us will draw
a picture together...
and the remaining player will
have to guess what it is,
but the five of us will draw
with specially-made pens.
- The pens have strings on them.
- Right.
- So all of us must draw together.
- We have to draw together.
- Like as a group?
- Goodness.
You guys are mean.
It's a success when the team
guesses 3 questions in 100 seconds.
Let's do it until we get it right.
It's very straightforward. Everyone
is going to be logical, right?
- Hyun Moo, I'm good at guessing.
- No, no. You can't.
- Hyun Moo. No, no.
- You can't be the one guessing.
- No way.
- That's all right.
- I'm really good at it.
- You cannot be good at it.
- You always say nonsense.
- I am very imaginative.
- Oh, my goodness.
- I bet he'll say something weird.
Hold on.
- Henry, you can't.
- No, I can.
You tend to say weird things.
- I'm really good.
- But the thing is...
I don't think he'll be good
at drawing the picture as a group.
- He won't be good at that.
- He won't be.
It might be better
if he guesses the pictures.
Hey, look.
- Let me help you guys out.
- Okay.
It's only fair Eun Hyuk, the most
liked player, guesses the pictures.
- He ought to guess the pictures.
- I recommend Eun Hyuk.
Don't you agree?
Our team would've chosen him.
- Do you want to? Are you good?
- Should we go with Eun Hyuk?
- Well, I'll give it a try.
- All right. It's Eun Hyuk.
- How funny.
- Let's go.
He convinced us.
(Team Hyun Moo got persuaded
by the opposing team.)
- Okay.
- I'll try to guess the pictures.
- The penalty...
- Wait. What is happening?
What's going on?
- You didn't tell me this. Hold on.
- What is it?
- Hey, Henry.
- That's why I said I'd do it.
- That's whipping cream.
- Gosh, this...
Eun Hyuk. He can't hear us.
(He has the earphones on.)
- I'm worried they won't approve.
- Hey,
- draw a circle. Start.
- It comes from the top.
(This is the podium
for the player who will answer.)
Hey, let's just draw like this.
- Draw it clockwise.
- We are a team. Let's continue.
Let's keep turning.
(Their level of confidence goes up.)
- Hold on.
- Whatever it is, draw clockwise.
- Okay.
- Ready? Start!
(1st round starts!)
(He must answer 3 questions
in 100 seconds to succeed.)
(The teamwork of 5 players
is the key.)
- Get ready.
- Okay.
- Let's win.
- Don't bump into each other.
We are a team.
- This is too easy.
- No, this is hard.
- All right.
- Draw the head from that side.
(Crocodile)
(No way.)
(5 players must draw a crocodile
Eun Hyuk can recognize together.)
- All right.
- Draw the head from that side.
(Let's calm down.)
- Good luck.
- Hold on.
- The head.
- Draw the head over there.
- There's nothing to think about.
- Hurry, hurry.
- Hey.
- Push it to my side.
- Wait.
(Struggling)
- Draw the head over there.
- There's nothing to think about.
- A bit more.
- Hurry, hurry.
- Push it to my side.
- Wait. How about zig-zagging?
Let's not argue.
- Sung Jong, don't hold that part.
- Hold on a minute.
- Let's be confident and draw it!
- Let's draw it.
You can't hold it like that.
- Just draw something.
- Let's do it!
You can only use one hand.
- The mouth.
(The mouth of the crocodile!)
The teeth!
We must draw zig-zag lines.
- Zig-zag lines? How do we draw it?
- Let's...
- draw the head.
- Hey, we must draw the head first.
- The head.
- This is crazy. Wait.
- From there...
- I am not doing anything!
Henry.
Just draw something!
- I don't get what you're saying.
- Draw the head first.
(What's worse is Henry is
in the state of anomie.)
- Just draw the head.
- Right now...
- Wait.
- Not that direction.
Henry, Henry.
Henry, you should draw
the mouth from...
- Why are you lashing out on me?
- No, I am not.
Hold on a second. The leg.
- Hyun Moo.
- Yes?
What's "crocodile" in English?
(What?)
(He's shocked.)
- Crocodile.
- Crocodile?
Hey, you.
He didn't know.
Hey, please draw the mouth.
What are you doing?
- We should...
- You can only use one hand.
- There we go.
- We did it!
- You can only use one hand.
- There we go.
- We did it.
- Hyun Moo.
- Hyun Moo, use only one hand.
- It's working.
Hey, hold on. Wait!
What is that?
- That's it.
- This is good.
- Henry.
- We're drawing it.
- That's it.
- This is good. Henry.
- We're drawing it!
- Hey.
- Let's draw the body.
- Okay. I'll draw the body.
How is this quality "good"?
- Move it to Sung Jong's side.
- Heart.
Draw a straight line.
- Move it back. Move it back.
- Over there?
- Move it to Sung Jong's side.
- Heart.
Draw a straight line.
- Heart?
- Okay.
- Heart.
- That's it.
That's good. Nice.
Great.
- Wait.
- Okay, okay.
(However, they seem content
with their artwork.)
Great.
- What is that?
- Excellent.
What is that?
(Their 100 seconds will
be over soon.)
- What is that?
- Henry.
- What's that? Banana!
- Draw a crocodile.
- Banana!
- Okay.
(The time is up, and he's slapped
with whipped cream.)
- Eun Hyuk.
- Poor Eun Hyuk!
- Can't you guess what this is?
- Hey.
- What?
- I can't recognize you now.
- Oh, no!
- I can't recognize Eun Hyuk now.
(A man with whipped cream shows up.)
What will you do now?
- Eun Hyuk.
- I feel so bad for him.
I don't think I can do that. No.
- That's unbelievable.
- That's all right.
Eun Hyuk, how could you not
figure out what it is?
- Wait.
- How could you not recognize it?
- What on earth is that?
- The silver...
Hey, everyone can guess
this is a crocodile.
- It's a crocodile.
- How can this be a crocodile?
(It's even more surreal
than Picasso's painting.)
- Hey, this is a mouth.
- These are the eyes.
- These are the eyes. Look closely.
- What is this?
- I can't figure that out at all.
- Besides,
Henry was problematic too.
How could you ask what "crocodile"
was in English towards the end?
(He didn't even know
what he was drawing.)
Goodness. He should've
asked earlier.
Are you okay?
- That must be tasty.
- It's cold.
- Isn't that tasty?
- No one can succeed at this.
Answering 3 questions
in 100 seconds is too much.
Hyun Moo, after we saw Team
Dummy getting the penalty...
- What? Team Dummy?
- I'm sorry.
- I'm pretty angry now.
- No one wants to take that role.
We're going to have our own game
to save ourselves from the penalty.
If you're chosen, you must go.
The arrow has to point to us.
- I'll spin it.
- Start.
(Which player will get
to go to the podium?)
Why... Why are you spinning it?
- Why... Why are you spinning it?
- It's a game.
(Hong Gi is chosen.)
- It's you, Hong Gi.
- Come on.
- It's Hong Gi.
- Is it you?
Raise your hands if you think
it points to Hong Gi.
- It's Hong Gi.
- Didn't I tell you?
- Everyone raised their hands.
- It's you.
All right. Let's go.
(They present a united front.)
You can go that way.
- Unbelievable.
- Hong Gi, don't you believe in us?
I can't trust you though.
- Stay there.
- I think there's so much this time.
You're starting now.
- You can practice.
- Let's draw a circle.
- I will pull the string tight.
- That's it.
What is that? Let me pull it tight.
- We can make sure the pen stands.
- Right. I will...
You can apply force, okay?
- Just like this.
- Do a triangle. The triangle.
- Get ready.
- This isn't easy.
- Get set.
- And...
- Lower it.
(Answer 3 questions in 100 seconds.)
(What will Team Su Geun draw
in the 2nd round?)
- Start.
- Gosh, I can't hear a thing.
- Let's do it. Lower it.
- Let's go.
(He instructs his players right away
without getting flustered.)
To go that way, you need to pull.
- Pull it.
- You should just draw the head.
(When one player pushes the pen,)
(the other player pulls it.)
- Then I'll pull next.
- No, no.
I'll pull it. Hold on. Wait.
Go to that side.
That's the spot. Put the pen on it.
That's it.
Let the pen touch the paper.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's it. It's drawing.
There we go.
Send the pen to the bottom.
We have to get the pen down.
Straight down.
- It has to come to my side.
- But what are we drawing?
We're drawing the leg.
(You should've asked it earlier.)
What are we drawing?
I don't know what it is.
- We must draw a dinosaur.
- I know that, but...
- We'll draw the leg. The leg...
- Lift it.
- Draw the line to this side.
- Right. Lift it.
- Let's draw it on this side once.
- What are we going to draw?
- Let's draw a dinosaur.
- What type of a dinosaur?
- Just any dinosaur.
- What is this?
- Get the pen up.
- We should finish the leg.
- Let's draw a Tyrannosaurus.
- Let's move it up.
- Hey, let's draw a Tyrannosaurus.
- I said we have to move it down.
Hey, don't lift it.
Don't put any force.
- The Tyrannosaurus... Where...
- I told you not to press force!
(He makes a furious remark.)
Don't put force,
so the pen touches the paper!
- Which way should the pen go?
- So the line can go that way!
(He's cheating.)
(Come on.)
- You cheated.
- What was that?
We weren't drawing a Tyrannosaurus?
- What did you say?
- Tyrannosaurus.
- You two should draw it.
- Their legs are long.
- This is scary.
Shouldn't the viewers
answer this question?
- Tree!
- Dinosaur.
- That's right. It's a tree.
- I can draw the leg.
- This is so small.
- Finger!
- What did you say?
- He said it's a finger.
- Finger?
(The time is up.)
(His face is covered
with whipped cream.)
The game...
(Don't eat whipped cream.
Let your skin enjoy its benefits.)
Look at this. We have to put our
hands on the paper. Watch this.
Our hands must be on the paper.
Just like this.
This is what I meant, but you guys
kept your hands in the air.
- Our hands must be in contact.
- You get it now, don't you?
- We shouldn't let them know more.
- Wait.
- Get away from us.
- You got it, right?
- We can't do that. Use just a hand.
- Everyone.
- Pay attention to him.
- Hong Gi.
- Hey, Su Geun.
- This is what I'm talking about.
- Pay Hong Gi attention.
- Hong Gi.
- That's all right. I'm okay.
(Even up close...)
- This game...
- Hong Gi, wait.
- That's a dinosaur.
- What do you think this is?
- The answer is a dinosaur?
- That was...
- Which part of it is the head?
- Goodness.
- No one could've guessed that.
- We're up next.
Okay, okay. I think
we'll do a good job.
I have a good feeling.
- Eun Hyuk is over there already.
- You're the best, Eun Hyuk.
- We should win.
- I have a good feeling about this.
- Let's go for it.
- We can do it.
That way is the down.
- It's about food this time.
- Get ready.
It's food.
- What is that?
- All right. Sweet!
- Hey.
- That's great.
- First, let's draw the bread.
- Move the pen up.
- Move it up.
- Move it up. Here it comes.
- Goodness. Going up.
- Moving up.
- Let's do it again.
- Don't use two hands.
- To the left. To the left.
- We can use two hands now.
- Moving to the left.
Okay.
- Let's draw the stick.
- Moving to the left.
Okay.
- It's time for the stick.
- We're going down now.
- It's the stick.
- We're moving down now.
- The sausage...
- Let's do a bit more.
(He's frustrated.)
- Why are you happy? That's nothing.
- The sausage...
(Could it be...)
Is that a corn dog?
- Let's do another one.
- I got it right?
(Even he's surprised
that he's right.)
- No way. That's a corn dog?
- Hey, stop it right there.
- That's amazing.
- Next!
- Let's go.
- Next.
Flip the page already.
(They get busier.)
- Wait. First...
- Let's go with this.
- We should draw the top.
- Hey, this...
- It's the steam.
- Make this into a cone.
- This is the corn.
- No, draw a circle there.
- Let's make a cone here.
- Move it down.
Up.
-They're good.
- There you go.
- Let's do a zig-zag line.
- Wait. This part...
- This should be...
- That's it.
- Gosh, that looks tasty.
- What is that?
- Do the zig-zag line.
- Let's draw a circle.
- Make a horn there.
- Is that a car?
- What's that?
- What is that?
- No, on this side...
- Don't try to overachieve.
- No, no.
- What is that?
- Why are you drawing a cherry?
- Hey, stay focused.
- Cherry?
Hey, this kid is so weird.
I won't do this.
- I...
- He's trying too hard.
- They hit a rough patch.
- They're fighting.
- They're arguing.
- Stop drawing.
- What are you doing?
- I can handle this.
- I'll do this quickly.
- Draw a triangle.
- Draw. Just draw something.
- Seriously?
At least draw something.
Draw the figure.
- Hey, let's draw poop here.
- Draw poop.
- Poop?
- Yes.
- We can't draw poop there.
- Draw circles.
- Circles? He's weird.
- Just draw something.
No, just go with it.
- How can we explain it?
- Stop talking, and just draw.
(He's desperate as he experienced
the whipping cream slap.)
Draw!
(The time is up.)
Hey, what's wrong with you?
(The answer is ice cream.)
- Hey.
- How could this...
The answer was ice cream,
and this guy was drawing a cherry.
- I was going to draw circles.
- He wanted to draw poop.
- But it was too hard.
- Why were you only talking?
- Sung Jong, what were you thinking?
- This is what I wanted to draw.
- With the circle here...
- Why is there a circle there?
And this part looks like this.
- On top of it, I can draw a cherry.
- How can five of us draw that?
- From the start...
- Wait.
- How can we draw a cherry?
- From the start, we should've...
- Goodness.
- All of you are bad at drawing.
- The cherry would be here.
- Hold on.
- How can five of us draw a cherry?
- We could've done that.
- Who eats...
- ice cream like that?
- Everyone.
You guys can come back
to this later. Let us play our game.
- Move aside.
- Forget about that cherry.
Why were you drawing a cherry there?
- He tried to draw a cherry.
- How could we draw that on there?
- Everyone was weird.
- Hey.
Hong Gi, just say anything.
Say whatever you can think of.
Let's get it.
- Come on.
- The circle...
- How can we draw a circle?
- Put your hands on the paper.
- Are you ready?
- Say whatever you think of.
(Can he answer 3 questions
in 100 seconds successfully?)
Are you ready?
- Let's go!
- Put it on the paper. It's easy.
- It's an easy one, right?
- Okay.
- Where...
- Draw the lips.
- Draw the oval.
- Draw the tail.
(They move in unison
under Su Geun's order.)
Okay.
- Draw the tail.
- Okay.
- Eyes.
- Shaver!
(Shaver is incorrect.)
(Hong Gi is literally
saying anything.)
That looks interesting.
Squid! Octopus!
- Come on.
- Octopus? That was a good answer.
Draw the tail and the fin.
- Kimchi!
- Gosh, that was terrible.
- How can this look like kimchi?
- Draw the scales.
- Clam!
- The scales.
- Clam.
- Wait, no. Let's draw the mouth.
- The mouth.
- Fish.
- Draw the mouth.
(That was close.)
- Don't look at him. Draw the mouth.
- Boat.
- Spicy fish stew.
- The mouth. Let's draw the mouth.
Fish-shaped bun!
- Fish-shaped bun.
- Goodness.
Next.
- Dumpling.
- Let's draw it vertically.
- Do it vertically.
- Draw a circle right here.
- That's too easy.
- Draw a circle first.
- Draw a circle just like this.
- That's too easy.
- Draw a circle first.
- No,
- draw a rhombus first.
- Hey, this is too easy.
We're good at drawing.
- That's it. Draw lines here.
- We should add the steam.
- Make it look steamy.
- Clam!
- Add in the steams.
- Why does he like clams so much?
- Clam!
- Why do you say that so often?
- This team is weird too.
- Hey.
- This, this...
- Why do you say that so often?
- Hey, look at this.
- Dumpling!
Dumpling!
- Flip the page quickly.
- Hey.
- Where?
- Do it vertically.
- Draw a circle with a stick.
- Draw the stick.
- The stick.
- To the bottom.
- Where?
- Draw it here on the bottom.
- Draw the stick over there.
Draw it down.
- To the bottom. Right here.
- Draw it to that side.
- Draw the line to that side.
- Add in a circle.
- Draw a circle.
- Draw the twister.
- Don't forget the twister.
- The twister.
- Hey, this is...
- Squid? Fishcake?
Hey, draw it one more.
Draw a circle around it.
No, draw another circle around that.
(What is the answer?)
Hey, you don't know this one?
Why can't you figure this out?
(Hong Gi can't seem to have a clue.)
- Let's draw another one.
- What is that?
- No, draw another circle.
- It's a pumpkin taffy.
- You really can't figure it out?
- How could he know that?
- Why not?
- Let's draw a better stick.
- Make the stick look better.
- Rice cake. It's a songpyeon.
- This doesn't look like rice cake.
- Make the stick look better.
- Rice cake.
- Rice. That's good.
- This doesn't look like rice cake.
- It's a songpyeon.
- We can't draw it again.
(Will this game present
an element of surprise?)
(Hong Gi, please get this.)
(I don't know the answer.)
- Hey, we drew it so well.
- We did a good job.
(That was close.)
We did such a good job. Hong Gi,
it's candy. You punk!
- Hong Gi.
- But the thing is...
(He screams out
as he's disappointed.)
- Hong Gi, you could've gotten it.
- But the thing is...
when I thought of candy,
I didn't think of a lollipop.
- I thought of hard candy.
- Hong Gi, you did well.
It was candy, but you did well.
Hong Gi, we were so close.
Hey, let's play rock-paper-scissors.
The loser should take his spot.
- Okay.
- I can take his spot.
This time, Hong Gi should lead us
to draw. It's been one-sided.
It's not fair for just
one person to get the penalty.
- I can do it. I'd like to try.
- Really?
- Bobby? Congratulations.
- Yes.
- I wanted to try this.
- All right.
- He volunteered, and we can't stop.
- Right.
- Wear your hat tightly.
- Thank you.
- We can't beat people who enjoy it.
- Bobby, are you ready?
- That's right.
- Bobby.
- This time...
- Just shout out any answer.
- Just say everything.
- Planes are included too.
- That's right.
- Just say whatever you know.
- Planes are...
(Looking determined)
- There are cars too.
- Just say whatever you know.
(Wake up, you are
the connecting link.)
- Start.
- Lower it.
Here we go.
Let's draw a straight line first.
- The trident will go here.
- The trident.
- Draw the line here.
- Let's draw it at the bottom.
- Let's do this first.
- The trident goes here.
- Two.
- Trident.
The middle, and we're good.
- Hammer.
- All right.
- Fork.
Hurry!
- Hurry. What are you doing?
- Flip it.
He's so slow.
- Draw the circle.
- Two circles.
- A circle.
- One.
- To the right.
- Where?
- 2 circles.
- 2.
- Draw the chain.
- A straight line.
- Draw the handle on the top. There.
- Where?
- Wait, this isn't it.
- The handle.
- We can go this way.
- Make it straight. Straight.
The saddle.
- The saddle.
- This is the saddle.
- Bicycle.
Motorcycle.
- Next.
- Okay.
(They all cheer
at the last question.)
- Flying.
- Flying. Okay.
- Tail at the bottom.
- Okay.
Tail at the bottom.
(It looks like we'll win.)
- Tail at the bottom.
- Okay.
- A rock.
- Draw more.
- A bomb.
- Tail at the bottom.
- Draw more.
- Pull.
- In S shape.
- S shape.
- S.
- Flying.
In S shape.
Draw it here too.
No. There's no time for that.
Draw S shape after this.
- S.
- Go S.
- What is it?
- A candy.
(A connection between
a circle and a S shape?)
- There's no time.
- Draw this,
- and go S.
- S.
- A balloon.
- Go S.
- Great.
(Team Su Geun wins
Group Pictionary.)
- It was so easy.
- We won.
(They refuse to believe it.)
(Team Su Geun has a good start.)
- Bobby.
- It was too easy.
Great.
We're one.
(A festival for Team Su Geun)
It's fine. Cheer up.
- We touched gimbap.
- Do you want to switch?
(Is this why I got myself
covered in whipped cream?)
They've earned gimbap.
(Team Su Geun earned a Key Guide.)
Pick one from the Key Guide.
- What would you like?
- Can we discuss it?
Sure.
We can check the suspicious person.
I'm not suspicious of anyone yet.
(Eun Hyuk's worried about
what Team Su Geun will pick.)
Personally, I'd choose this one.
- We have to reveal ours.
- You know mine.
I'll reveal mine.
- Hey.
- Go away.
(Why is Hong Gi acting
suspicious?)
What is this?
You didn't fall for it.
- Let's go with this.
- This?
This one? Okay.
We have one suspect.
- Who was it?
- Me?
- It's Eun Hyuk.
- Pardon?
- Are you okay, Eun Hyuk?
We'll use the chance to see
whether the other team has...
the Master Key or not.
- We need to observe him.
- Look at his face.
Let's scream as soon as we see it.
Chae Yeon agrees as well.
Here we go.
- You should turn around.
- Show us your face.
Turn around.
- Turn around.
- What are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
- Think about the show.
Turn around. We want to see you.
What for?
- We want to see you.
- We need to see your face.
Fine. Here.
We want to see your expression.
- Fine. You saw it.
- Now.
- Let's do it, Chae Yeon.
- Yes.
Does the other team have
the Master Key?
(The Judgement Cabinet will tell if
the other team has the Master Key.)
- I can't see anything.
- It'll appear.
I can't see it.
Let's turn around when it appears.
(Team Hyun Moo carefully
watches them.)
- Where?
- It'll appear soon.
(Someone in Team Hyun Moo
has the Master Key.)
(Play the music!)
They must've gotten X.
They might be acting.
- They might be acting.
- I think he's right.
They might be acting.
It must be X.
- Look at you.
- I think...
We didn't expect this.
By looking at your faces,
"Your faces?"
the person's in your team.
After you saw it,
- you didn't know how to fake it.
- Is it yes or no?
Just tell me whether it's yes or no.
- I think it's no.
- It's no.
- No.
- I think it's no.
You were right. They were acting.
He's hiding.
He doesn't know what to do.
- He's acting.
- I can tell.
- They're in panic.
- Goodness.
You're bad actors.
They don't know what to do.
They are flustered.
- Oh, my.
- Is there really one?
- The second round.
- If we win this,
- we'll win.
- We'll win for sure.
Let's win this time.
I'm going to set a record.
How much I can lose.
Does he lose his job as a host?
I'll try my best.
- We must win this time.
- We can win.
The second game.
Find the bucket with flower petals.
("Find the bucket
with flower petals")
If you look in the back,
- there are 15 buckets.
- Okay.
You win when you find a bucket
with flower petals.
There's only one bucket
with flower petals among 15.
You must win
the 1-on-1 game first...
to choose a bucket.
If you go first,
you might get a penalty first,
but you also get more chance to
find the flower petals.
This ends when you find
the flower petals.
Then let's play the 1-on-1 game.
Oh, it's that game.
I'm pretty confident.
Pass the tube without using hands.
The person who passes the tube
on the floor first...
- without using hands.
- Oh, it's on the floor.
You must go through the tube
without using your hands.
It's easy.
- You must be athletic.
- Right.
- You need to be flexible.
- I think a woman should do it.
Shownu can't do it because of
his wide shoulders.
His shoulders will get stuck,
and my belly will get stuck.
I think he wants to try it.
Maybe Se Jeong or Sung Jong.
- Should I try it?
- Sure.
- I think you can pull it up now.
- Should I try it?
We choose Se Jeong.
(Who will be Se Jeong's opponent?)
We don't have any other choice.
We choose Bobby.
Hold on.
We have no choice.
- Bobby's up to compete Se Jeong.
- We'll win.
Show me how you're going to do it,
Bobby.
Show me. Go.
- Like this.
- Done.
(It was brilliant for nothing.)
I thought he was a tuna.
He was flapping.
- Show me.
- Show how it's done.
(Show me what you got, Se Jeong.)
(Isn't this...)
(how you go through the tube?)
(It looks like Se Jeong will win.)
By looking at the simulation,
- we were faster.
- He was only flapping.
Be serious, Bobby.
- Sure.
- Good luck, Se Jeong.
- Are you ready?
- Good luck.
- Get ready.
- What am I going to do?
Set.
Look at Bobby.
(Hold it up using a foot.)
Go, Bobby. Yes.
Go, Bobby.
(On the other hand,
Se Jeong won the practice game.)
(But she failed to hold it up
using her knee.)
(She rushes.)
(He's skilled.)
Go, Bobby. Yes.
(Bobby the tuna...)
(is on a roll.)
Go, Bobby.
- Bobby.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't worry about it.
- Bobby.
(It's Bobby time.)
Are you a man, Bobby?
Let's throw this out.
Are you a man or a woman?
- I won.
- Are you really a man?
- I just won.
- You're not a man.
- Hey, wait.
- What's that supposed to mean?
She's crying. It's fine.
I know you're my team,
but what was that?
Then now...
- choose a number, Bobby.
- We should pick a number.
- Pick a number.
- Which number would you like?
- Look at the ground.
- Which number?
(It's one-fifteenth chance.)
(Among 15 buckets,)
(there's only one bucket
with flower petals.)
There's a petal on number two.
- Look at the ground.
- My goodness.
What are you doing there?
12.
- I think it's number five.
- Go with your sense, Bobby.
- Trust your senses.
- I choose number three.
Why do you like number three?
I always liked three.
- Okay.
- It doesn't mean anything?
- No.
- It could end at once.
- Go for number three.
- You can only choose once.
It could end at once.
- I'm confident.
- Sure.
Trust your senses.
Sure. I'll pull now.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Bobby.
(Is it flower petals or a penalty?)
(Come on,)
(flower petals.)
(Water pours.)
(Congratulations.)
(It's water.)
(It's more fun because
they're only watching.)
(Bobby the Tuna met real water.)
You look hot.
(His manly beauty explodes.)
(It's Bobby time.)
- Bobby.
- It was good.
- I'm happy.
(Bobby failed.)
It's not always good to win.
- You get a chance.
- We still picked one.
We can just watch them getting wet.
- We can lose.
- Right.
I think it's better to lose.
- Okay.
- Try your best.
- It's our strategy.
- Their strategy is to lose.
We'll win the last round.
- We'll win at the crucial moment.
- Reveal the next one.
We have a choice.
- What is this?
- What is it?
Hold one hand,
and take the tail off.
Hold hands with your opponent,
and when you pull the towel
on his waist first, you win.
("Hold one hand,
and take the tail off")
- You need to be strong.
- Strong?
Strong Shownu.
We choose strong Shownu.
- Come on.
- Chan Sung should compete.
- We trust you, Chan Sung.
- Strong Shownu.
There's no one else.
- Chan Sung.
- Fine.
Everyone, come here.
- Am I playing again?
- Of course.
- They won't know.
- Rock-paper-scissors.
Okay.
(The two weakest people lost.)
Let's make it nice and clean.
Do you want to do it or me?
You do it to make it nice and clean.
- I can't win Shownu.
- I can never do it either.
You do it, Su Geun.
Rock-paper-scissors.
I never lose rock-paper-scissors.
- What's happening?
- I'm scared.
Jong Min's pretty strong.
- Jong Min's pretty sexy.
- This is intimidating.
(He's full of power.)
(His body is perfect for games.)
(Shownu with a perfect body.)
(Let's do this, Jong Min.)
(Should I resign?)
Look at his body.
Strong Shownu.
Hold left hands together.
My goodness.
- He's so strong.
- Strong Shownu.
Hey, Shownu.
Do you want to hold your left hand
or right hand?
It doesn't matter.
I...
He's so considerate.
He used to wrestle.
- Really?
- Let's go.
Get ready.
It hasn't started yet.
Don't waste your energy.
I'm only grabbing his hand.
Move aside.
You never know where I'll fly to.
- Okay.
- Good.
- Get ready.
- Ready.
I'm going to do it for real.
I have a feeling it will end fast.
If you let go of the hand,
you have to do it again.
Set...
(I can't...)
(just lose.)
Jong Min.
- Jong Min.
What?
(Jong Min's counterattack?)
- Be careful.
- His pride is hurt.
Good luck. Come on.
(Get nervous, Shownu.)
(Competition is on.)
Oh, my goodness.
You lost so fast.
It ended so fast.
(As soon as it began,)
(it was over.)
See?
(Like a flash of lightning)
(Shownu wins as everyone expected.)
- I can't believe it.
- You're awesome.
(No unexpected twist...)
(is his charm.)
- Did you get that filmed?
- They did.
Why would you worry about that?
- All the cameras are on.
- He's in 30s.
It ended so fast.
(There are 14 buckets left.)
I'll choose number seven.
- 7.
- Why 7?
Since there are seven members
in my group.
(He chooses the number of members
in his group.)
Move to number seven.
(Shownu's lucky number 7)
- Pull it when you're ready.
- Be confident.
Your makeup looks great today.
Say it loud, Shownu.
1, 2, 3.
(Flower petals please!)
(One-fourteenth chance)
(Flower petals or penalty?)
(Water pours.)
(Shownu fails.)
(They feel bad.)
(He also feels bad.)
Do it one more time.
- He's sexy.
- You're so sexy.
(Water pours over
his wide shoulders.)
(He's taking a photo shoot.)
Start dancing.
(Crump is so easy for him.)
Look at his chest muscles.
Look at his abs.
- He aimed for it.
- It worked out nice for him.
(Hong Gi had
a water bucket penalty.)
Everyone's getting wet today.
This is how it's done.
I think we should continue to lose.
- Right. That's our strategy.
- Yes.
- Without getting wet.
We'll find it if we keep trying.
Make it neat.
- Chae Yeon will pick this time.
- Sure.
Shall we pick the players first?
- I'll try this time.
- Sung Jong.
Sung Jong likes to be in the center.
- Let me try.
- What is it?
- Race Bingo?
- Race?
- You're fast.
You think so?
Run from the start line,
and put the towel.
(Run from the start line,
and put the towel in the Bingo map.)
Whoever makes a bingo first wins.
(They must pass the halfway point,
and make the bingo first to win.)
Do you feel confident?
Did you understand the rule?
- Yes. I understood it.
- Okay.
Just make a bingo anywhere?
Yes.
(We prepared pride for you.)
Who wants to play?
Do you want to try Chan Sung?
(They chose Chan Sung because
he looks the fastest.)
- Let's try it, Chan Sung.
- Can he do it?
(He looks innocent.)
My leg hurts.
It's because you haven't been
outside for a long time.
It's been a long time.
Right. It's been a while
since you had fresh air.
I know.
Chan Sung's known for endurance.
Sung Jong's known for being quick.
- Sung Jong's quick.
- He's an original hot guy.
I'm getting nervous.
- Get ready.
- This is intense.
- That's it.
- Good job.
(They both aren't passing
the halfway point.)
(It doesn't count if they don't
pass the halfway point.)
- They have to pass it.
- What happens now then?
- Let's start over.
- That was a practice.
- They need to pass it,
- but they didn't.
- Let's start over.
- Okay. You must pass it.
- It was a practice.
Don't just come and go.
You must pass it.
- Good job.
- Let's start over.
We must pass it, right?
Pass it, and touch yours only.
You can't touch the other person's.
Even if it's in the same plate,
you can't touch it.
You must place three first
to move the other person's.
- Okay.
- You must pass the halfway point.
- Come on.
- Get ready.
(The game starts over.)
I love this team.
(It's neck and neck.)
Sung Jong's pretty fast.
(The crucial halfway point)
- Hit his leg.
- What?
(Sung Jong cheats again.)
You need to pass it.
(Why don't you pass
the halfway point?)
You need to pass it.
(He doesn't care.)
(He said he'll try his best.)
(He said he understood the rule.)
- What's this?
- Grab his leg.
(He forgot to pass
the halfway point.)
(Whatever. I'm going to cheat.)
That's it. Great!
Don't give him a break.
(He's hanging.)
Grab his butt.
It's too late now.
He's so strong.
(This race won't count again
because of Sung Jong.)
- You can't win.
- Don't lose.
- It's obvious that you'll lose.
- Hurry up.
Sung Jong's so funny.
He's young.
(I got you.)
(Step on me...)
(if you want to pass.)
(Angry...)
(takedown)
(Unexpected wrestling)
You're not a comedian.
Put one more and move it.
- Pass the point and move it.
- What are you doing?
- Come back, and move it.
- Pass it!
(Even after the takedown,
he still skips the halfway point.)
(He's so consistent.)
- Pass, then move it.
- Did you pass it?
- Go pass it.
- Do I have to?
- Did you pass it?
- You're driving me crazy.
Pass it. Hurry up.
I think we won.
Sung Jong...
not only played dirty, but he also
didn't understand the game.
It's been a while since he's out.
Please understand him. Sorry.
Did you see Chan Sung's face
when he stopped him?
He was looking at him like
"What's wrong with him?"
(This game is tiring.)
He already doesn't like him.
I wasn't sure
what he was trying to do.
Give me one more chance.
What about Chan Sung?
- Why does Chan Sung have to do it?
- Please.
(Come on.)
I'm sorry, but no.
Why did you run into him
when you're so weak?
You're out of breath.
- Your face is so pale.
- I'm fine.
I have to win.
- Will you be okay?
- I have to win.
I think I'll win.
- Please don't cheat again.
- I think I'll win.
- It's fine.
- Sung Jong's funny.
You must pass this halfway point
when you come back.
(Please don't cheat this time.)
- Here we go.
- Get ready.
- You must pass it.
- Hurry.
- Put it down, and pass it.
- Pass it.
- Yes. That's it.
- Yes. Pass it.
(They both pass the halfway point.)
- Good job.
- Good job, Sung Jong.
- Good job. You're doing great.
- Good.
(Chan Sung was able to stop him.)
(They must place their last towel
to move the other person's. towel.)
- I must move this.
- No.
- Hey.
- I must move this.
- No.
(Move aside, black towel.)
- Hey.
- Hey. Don't do it.
Hey, stop it.
- Hold on.
- Why don't you understand the game?
What did he just do?
Go rest for a second.
Chan Sung's dying.
Hey.
Relax.
I thought that fell off.
How many times...
do I need to explain the rules?
- Drink some water, Chan Sung.
- Because of you!
Then I'll admit it. You won.
Even if you don't admit it, he won.
(I'll admit it for you.)
- Even if you don't, he won.
- Why would you admit it?
It's over.
Hey, go get an IV.
(This is hilarious.)
- Chan Sung wins.
(Chan Sung wins
as Sung Jong cheats.)
How can he not understand the game
three times?
We can't help him.
I think I read it wrong.
Read what wrong?
Stop stumbling and move aside.
- Stop stumbling.
- This is so funny.
Let's finish it, Chan Sung.
- Try number 8.
- I'd say 2.
It's 2 for 2PM.
- 2 for 2PM.
- Go with the number of the members.
- Can you stay quiet?
- Okay.
(I'm little sensitive right now.)
- Hey. He's not in a good mood.
- I'm sorry, Chan Sung.
He had to do it three times for you.
He doesn't look happy even though
he won.
- I think Chan Sung's mad.
- I'm sorry.
- You should be happy.
- What number?
- Be happy.
- Walk on the flower bed.
- What number?
- Number two.
2 for 2PM?
He's already getting ready.
(The game was hard,
but I'll pick flower petals.)
- 1, 2, 3.
- Pull it hard.
(Did Chan Sung pick
the flower petals?)
- 1, 2, 3.
- Pull it hard.
(Water pours.)
(We got you cold water...)
(because you looked pretty tired
from running.)
It's going as what we planned.
(I'm sorry. It's my fault.)
- He's hot.
- Are you okay?
Will you stay away?
(Will you stay away from me?)
(He accepts it.)
It's fine.
This is a mind game.
- Okay.
- Just follow me.
- You look hot.
- He's hot.
(There are 11 buckets left.)
He didn't get the nickname
for no reason.
- He's like a beast.
- He's a beast.
- Sung Jong.
- Yes?
Pick a game for Chan Sung.
Okay.
- "Key Flicking"
- "Key Flicking".
- It's "Key Flicking".
You have to flick the key
on the edge of a table...
and make it land inside a cup.
The person who gets three in wins.
I can do that well.
Isn't it this?
- I'm confident to do this well.
- Hong Gi is confident.
- You should do it then.
- Go, Hong Gi.
Hong Gi will do it.
Who's playing from your team?
- Me.
- Henry will play for us.
- Henry.
- Let's go.
(The best friends will
compete against each other.)
They're friends, aren't they?
Why don't you
add another penalty to it?
The person who loses
will get a flick in the forehead.
- You're friends.
- Come on.
- You should do it.
- Let's do it.
Of course you should.
- Okay.
- I am good at this.
Okay. Let's go.
It's just like playing
an instrument.
Ready.
(The person who loses
will get double penalties.)
Ready.
(As soon as the game begins,
Henry starts to mess it up.)
Hey.
- He's terrible.
- He's done for.
- Keep trying.
- Wait.
(Hong Gi succeeds
to put a key in a cup.)
What? What?
(He did it again.)
- Henry loses completely.
- Wait.
Wait.
(You can't do that.)
- What's wrong with you?
- Come on.
- Henry is really terrible at it.
- Concentrate.
- Hey.
- Don't say anything.
- Flick the bottom.
- No.
- You mind your own business.
You should flick the bottom.
(Hong Gi the Master Key Flicker
is very calm.)
All right.
(The game is finished.)
Hong Gi is really good.
- He's unbelievable.
- He's really good.
- Flick your finger just once.
- Why?
- Just once.
- Don't flick it too hard.
- Okay.
What's the point of it
if he won't flick his finger hard?
All right. But since you lost,
you should kneel down.
(His ego is hurt.)
- Do I have to do it?
- You have to kneel down.
- He'll be able to do it well then.
- Yes.
These two are good friends.
Don't be mistaken.
(Henry, this is just a game.)
(He's nervous.)
- Here we go.
- Why cover my eyes?
(Keep your eyes closed.)
(He's horrified.)
Wait. Don't move.
- That would hurt more.
- Hey.
Stay still. Stay still.
It hurts more if you move.
(He did it!)
(Was it just a flick
or was it a punch?)
He's really strong.
- The sound was unbelievable.
- I think he hit with his fist.
- My gosh.
- Wasn't it his fist?
It was the most painful...
- How did you do it?
- It's...
- It turned red.
- Wait.
I think he quickly
clenched his fist.
It felt like being hit with a fist.
There was a flick
and something else.
- You're a con artist.
- No, I am not.
- He's really strong.
- Do you want to play another round?
- On the same terms?
- Let's play one more round.
- You want to do this again.
- You want to do it again.
- Let's do it with one.
- I am a man.
Yes, you are a man.
- Will you be okay?
- Shouldn't you be sitting down?
Why is my hand shaking?
Think carefully. You might
get hit again.
Ready.
(There's no turning back.)
(Before they're friends,
they are men.)
(Their ego is on stake.)
He will succeed in one try.
No! No!
(It was a clean shot.)
- No! No!
- Poor Henry.
My goodness.
- Why did you do it again?
- Wait.
- Wait. Wait.
- Why did he do it again?
Let's make a deal.
Let's play again.
- If I win, I don't get hit.
- The penalty is gone.
- If you lose, you get hit twice.
- You get hit twice.
(If you lose again,
your forehead will burn.)
- Just get hit once.
- Yes.
- Getting hit once is better.
- Poor Henry.
- My finger hurts.
- Ready.
Two.
(It was another strong flick.)
That was too strong.
Wait.
- How can you hit him with a fist?
- I only flicked my finger.
- Okay.
- Let's go, Hong Gi.
It's over.
- You're bad.
- Hong Gi.
(Hong Gi shouldn't pick
the water bucket this time.)
Which one would you choose?
- I want to choose 6.
- Hong Gi, go with 8.
Should I choose 11,
the one in the far corner?
- They might have hidden it.
- I have a good feeling about it.
- Or should I go with six?
- All right.
Pull on the count of three.
I feel good about this.
I am going to stare at it.
- We can finish the game now.
- You're going to stare at it.
- Are you going to stare at it?
- Are you trying to wash your face?
Yes. How did you know that?
Ready.
(From whipped cream to water,
he got splashed with everything.)
(Did he choose the flower petals
this time?)
2, 3.
(Yes! Here's water.)
(You love water.)
Poor Hong Gi.
- He's amazing.
- It's too bad.
My goodness. It went
inside his nose.
It's okay, Hong Gi.
- The water went inside his nose.
- It hurts.
The bucket number 11 had
an unusually large amount of water.
When he was getting splashed, I
thought he was getting electrocuted.
He moved as if he was.
- My goodness, Hong Gi.
- I don't like this show.
- Good job.
- You can win now.
- It's our big picture.
- The real game starts now.
(Now 10 buckets remain.)
Next game is...
- "Wind Up a Ribbon Fast".
The person who winds up
the ribbon first will win.
- Like this?
- How?
- I think a girl would do it well.
- Se Jeong.
- Se Jeong will do it.
- Chae Yeon will play for us.
Come on, Se Jeong,
Chae Yeon.
You have to follow the ribbon.
(Jong Min gives her a lesson.)
- All right.
- Go, girls.
- Go, Chae Yeon!
- You win if you wind it up first.
- Ready.
- Go, team!
Let's go, Chae Yeon!
(The game begins.)
- That's it!
- That's it.
- Wind it up.
- Do it faster.
- Faster.
- Come on.
- That's it.
- Don't strain your muscles.
- Great.
Come on, Chae Yeon.
(Chae Yeon realizes that
it's not working out for her...)
(and cheats.)
You can't do that!
(Se Jeong persistently winds it up
and wins.)
Just a little bit more.
- Good job.
- We won.
- We admit that Se Jeong won.
- She did.
Se Jeong won.
- Chae Yeon used her hand.
- We finally won.
- Great.
- You won't get splashed.
You're bad.
- You're bad.
- Now...
10 buckets remain.
So the chance is 1 out of 10.
By the way, I thought
Chae Yeon would play fairly.
- When she saw Se Jeong...
- I was surprised.
- She used her hand.
- She was impatient.
This is our big picture.
We will start winning now.
Let's choose the flower petals
and end this.
- Okay?
- We will accept it if you do.
- Se Jeong is quite lucky.
- Right.
Right.
All right. Do you have
a number in mind?
Since my group name is Gugudan,
I should go with number 9.
- 9.
- I think she will get it.
- Stand at nine.
She chose 9 because
her group name is Gugudan.
I got a feeling.
It's the flower petals.
- We got it.
- Ready.
- Wait.
- We got it.
- Please make her glitter.
- 1, 2, 3.
(It's time for her
to finish the game.)
(While other members chose water,
did she choose the flower petals?)
(Did she choose the flower petals?)
(She chose water.)
My goodness.
She chose the water bucket.
Flip your hair.
(Water isn't so bad.)
(The water splashes onto everyone.)
That must hurt.
(She shares it with everyone.)
It must've hurt at the end.
(She glitters even with water.)
(Now 9 buckets remain.)
Now...
it's time to
find the flower petal bucket.
- Now there's more chance.
- It begins now.
- The tube game is good.
- Bring it on.
- The tube.
- My goodness.
- Stop bluffing.
- I am confident.
I think it's number one.
- Hong Gi.
- Is it you again?
- If you lose, you'll get a flick.
- You will get a flick.
- Just do it. You promised.
- He promised.
When?
- Go inside.
- Go inside?
- You have to go through it.
- You have to go through it...
- without using your hands.
- Like this?
You can't put your feet
underneath it.
Why are there so many rules?
A bucket is on stake. Ready.
Don't take out your hands.
Start.
(Who will smile at the end?)
Hong Gi.
(Isn't he a genius?)
(He put his head in
as soon as the game began.)
(But he falls.)
- What are you doing?
- What's wrong with you?
- Who does that?
- He did it.
(Hong Gi uses the chance
to sit down and try it.)
- They're close.
- It's nip and tuck.
(It's a close match.)
(I can't lose again.)
He won.
(Henry and Hong Gi
are both out.)
He won.
(Who won?)
(Both of them were lying down
trying to get out.)
(At that moment,)
(Henry came out first.)
- Good job.
- Henry wins.
(Finally, Henry succeeds
to take the revenge.)
(Henry's trick worked.)
- Good job.
- Well done.
Which one would you choose?
- Choose the flower petals.
- Should I choose?
- You get only one chance.
- It'd be bad if they win.
We've been winning all along,
but we might lose now.
- We have to win.
- I'll go with number four.
I think it's going to be
number four.
- Number 4.
- Number 4, Henry.
- Number 14.
- This?
Number five? This?
- Number 5?
- Henry, go with Number 4.
- I won't believe you.
- My birthday is April 4.
- Go with number 4.
- 4?
- Number 4 feels good.
- Okay.
- I will believe you.
- I think it's number 14.
- Ready.
- Hurry up.
- Number five.
Okay. Ready.
Number five.
- Shout the number first.
- 1, 2...
- I am confident.
- Be confident.
1, 2, 3.
(The chance is 1 out of 9.)
(What will happen to Henry?)
(It's the flower petals!)
(Team Hyun Moo wins Round 2.)
(Team Hyun Moo is thrilled,)
(and Team Su Geun is upset.)
(We never knew
we'd lose like this.)
Let's dance together.
(He teases Team Su Geun.)
(I told you I had a good feeling
about number 4.)
- He's amazing.
- You are good.
I told you to listen to me.
This is Team Hyun Moo's
big picture.
We've been winning all along.
This is unbelievable.
This gives me chills.
This is how you play a game.
(One man gets teary eyes.)
(I won all the games.)
Congratulations.
(He won all the games...)
(but got splashed with water
many times.)
(He worked hard for no reason.)
(I won't lose...)
(the next round.)
- Let's choose one.
- You do it.
- It's my first time to hold this.
- He will do it.
It's my first time to hold it.
- It's my first time.
- Come on.
Which one should we choose?
This or this?
- I think this is the best one.
- This is the best, isn't it?
We will check the key of someone...
who is suspicious.
And I will reveal my key.
That's not a bad idea.
Out of 7 people,
we get to choose 1.
It's random.
Even so, we get to check one key.
Right.
Let's go with this one.
We will go with this one.
We will reveal one of our keys...
and check one of their keys.
- Great.
Whose key should we check?
Chae Yeon's.
I think it's Chae Yeon.
Everyone thinks that.
- What if it's not her?
- It's her.
- We should check hers anyway.
It's not a bad idea.
- Should we go with her then?
- We need to guess one more.
- There are two.
- Right.
It's a good idea to check
the suspicious one...
- and cross her out.
- Right.
(I made sure they don't find out
that it's me.)
(From the start,
Chae Yeon has been...)
(looking suspicious.)
(It's our chance to check
one suspicious person.)
Whose key should we reveal?
(I have to make sure
they don't choose me.)
I think...
The person who doesn't have
the Master Key should volunteer.
Should I do it then?
- Will you be all right to do that?
- Yes.
Okay. Let's go with yours.
We've decided.
That would make you
feel comfortable.
Yes. Okay. We've decided.
(It seems like Shownu
doesn't have the Master Key.)
We want Shownu's.
- Me too.
- We will reveal it to you.
Thank you.
We want to see Chae Yeon's key.
Shownu will reveal his key.
We will check Shownu's first.
(Is there anyone else there...)
(who also has the Master Key?)
(Shownu's key is
on the Judgement Cabinet.)
- Chae Yeon, say it.
- The bell of truth...
The bell of truth?
The bell of truth.
Is this key the Master Key?
It's Shownu's key.
(Since he checked his key,)
He looks disappointed.
(he's been looking mysterious.)
(Is his key the Master Key?)
(There's no going back now.)
(His key is not the Master Key.)
- Really?
They're ruined.
You're acting strange.
(With bad acting...)
(and facial expression,
they try to hide it.)
- Jong Min...
- The moment he saw it...
Shownu was smart.
- I know.
- I didn't see it.
I will tell you.
(According to their faces,
Shownu's is not the Master Key.)
Let's check Chae Yeon's key.
(It's time to check
Chae Yeon's key.)
(Is Chae Yeon's the Master Key?)
Is this the Master Key?
Master Key.
(Is Chae Yeon's key
the Master Key?)
1, 2.
(Team Hyun Moo has been
the most suspicious about her.)
(And Eun Hyuk is
desperate to find out.)
(She's been looking
mysterious all along.)
It's the Master Key.
- She doesn't know how to react.
- She's flustered.
She doesn't know
how to react to it.
(The secret behind her smile...)
(will be revealed
to Team Hyun Moo.)
(It's not the Master Key.)
(They start acting right away.)
Really?
(Whose key is the Master Key then?)
You are unbelievable.
(What is that bad acting?)
- It's not it.
- You are unbelievable.
- You are the best.
- Sung Jong is...
- No.
- a terrible actor.
No. No.
No?
- Sung Jong.
- Really?
Do you understand the game?
Yes. I did.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you for letting us know.
- Thank you.
- This is crazy.
- It's unbelievable.
- This show is unbelievable.
- All right.
We are certain about it now.
We know how many of you
have the Master Key.
Now we have the advantage.
This set is amazing.
I know.
It's unbelievable.
They spent a lot of effort
into building it.
It feels strange.
There's nothing here.
- What's this for?
- Water will come out from it.
Don't lie.
(It's a lucky day for Hong Gi.)
Stop talking about water.
Are you supposed to
pull this and sing?
In the previous episode,
we could make guesses.
And we had a little bit
of conviction by this time.
But today, we won many times,
- but we have no clue.
- We have no clue.
We can't make a guess.
We are certain that
you have two Master Keys.
Don't listen to him.
Right.
He's just bluffing.
I think he's wrong.
Eun Hyuk said we're wrong.
You have the Master Key.
Eun Hyuk is suspicious.
If I have the Master Key,
it would show on my face.
- It's been showing on your face.
- It's so obvious.
- Really?
- It shows on his face.
He can't hide it.
On the last round,
you can get crucial hints.
The last game is
"Don't Show Your Back".
("Don't Show Your Back")
The team that comes up
with a word using the letters...
on the back of the opposing
team players win.
You have to pull down
the mic and say the answer.
- Pull this down?
- Yes.
- What about the short people?
- Wait.
What if you can't reach it?
You can jump.
(The mic is very high.)
What if you can't reach it?
You can jump. Try it.
- Can you jump?
- Start.
- All right.
- I could touch the ceiling.
Try it. Start.
- Please touch the ceiling.
- See if you can get the mic.
- I could hit it with my head too.
- He can hit it with his head.
- Try it.
- Hit it with your head.
- My gosh.
- You can't do it.
Hit it with your head.
(Master Key)
He can't do it.
His head didn't touch it.
Not even your hair touched it.
- I'll try one more time.
- Your head didn't touch it.
Try it again.
(Oh, my gosh)
(Did something just pass?)
(He's too short.)
- That was very close.
- You try it.
- It was so close.
- That was amazing.
You are 167cm tall.
You give it a try.
I am taller than you.
He can't even jump now.
Please give us the letters
that will go on our back.
- Okay.
- Come here.
- Show me your back.
- Okay.
Come to me.
(They guard the letters)
- Got it.
Let's give an important letter
to a swift person.
You can take whichever you want.
- You need to combine the letters.
- That's the right order.
These are the most important ones.
These two...
should be apart from each other.
I will take one.
Who's going to take this?
- What?
- This is too easy.
This is too easy.
When they see this...
- Do you need me to help you?
- You should help each other.
Henry. Henry.
Hey!
Henry.
I saw it.
One letter is all right.
Is Henry their spy?
Why is he so bad at playing games?
Perhaps they planted him here.
- My goodness.
- No!
(Mind your own business.)
- Come on, Hyun Moo.
- Are you a spy too?
Did you see it?
- We're doomed.
- You didn't see it, did you?
This is for Bobby.
I will put it on your back.
We will try to...
(Oh, no!)
You can't turn back!
Be careful.
What's my letter?
You don't have to know.
- Here's our plan.
- Okay.
Your letter won't be
of any use to them.
Will he march forward?
You just march forward.
Do you understand?
Just create chaos.
They will get flustered,
and we will check their letters.
Let's come up with a plan too.
Just stay where you are.
- Don't do anything.
- Come on, Henry.
- Just stay still.
- It's all right.
We need to do one more.
(The game starts.)
(Team Su Geun's strategy
is to defend their letters.)
(Team Hyun Moo's strategy
is to attack.)
You're scary.
Grab him.
(He moves like a scorpion.)
(Bobby is isolated
in the enemy camp.)
Move, Bobby.
That's a foul.
(Sung Jong sees Bobby's letter.)
It's "Ui".
(Bobby's letter is "Ui".)
Come back. You've seen one,
so come back.
Bobby, come back.
Come back.
Jong Min, get him.
I saw it!
It's "ik".
(He thinks it's "ik".)
"Ik". Bobby's letter is "ik".
- "Ik".
- Bobby's letter is "ik".
"Ik". Bobby's letter is "ik".
"Ik".
(Did you see my letter?)
It's "Ik".
Wait. It's not ours.
"Geum".
(Each team found one letter.)
Wait.
(Su Geun tries to guess the answer.)
(What's a 6-letter word
that includes "geum"?)
("Geum")
I got it!
(Which answer did Su Geun
come up with?)
What is it?
It's "The Honest Woodman".
(Is it the answer?)
That's not it.
"Ik".
(Sung Jong swiftly
checks Su Geun's letter.)
(It's "o".)
(Now 2 letters of Team Su Geun
are revealed.)
It's "o".
Wait.
There's "o".
I got it.
- There's "oh" and "ui".
- "The Big Swindle".
- "Chin".
- Is it the answer?
No.
There's "oh" and "ui".
(Bobby checks
Eun Hyuk's letter.)
It's "chin".
(Now 2 letters are revealed
for each team.)
What was that?
We are in trouble.
- It's "yu".
- It's all right.
(Now that they saw my letter,
I should attack.)
I am not an easy opponent.
Come on!
Oh!
(Shownu sees
Jong Min's letter, "yu".)
"Yu".
(They've got "o", "yu"
and "ui" now.)
What is it?
It's "yu".
- What was it again?
- "chin".
"Chin".
- "Jin"?
- "Yu".
- Is it "jin"?
- It's "chin".
- What is "jin"?
- "Jin"?
(Eun Hyuk enters the enemy camp.)
- It's "chin".
- What's "jin"?
It's "chin".
- "Jin" and...
- "Yu".
(Shownu presses
from the other side.)
(Should we get started?)
Is it "jin"? I didn't hear you well.
It's "yu".
- "Geum".
- "Yu".
(At that time, Hong Gi
turns his head.)
(It's a chance for Eun Hyuk.)
(3 letters of Team Su Geun
are currently revealed.)
Come here.
- I...
- Hyun Moo.
("Pe")
(What's the 6-letter word
that contains these letters?)
("Pe")
("Yu")
"Yu".
(I got an idea.)
I got it.
Who farted?
"The Phantom of the Opera".
(Did Eun Hyuk guess it right?)
"Lady Vengeance".
(He got it.)
"The Phantom of the Opera".
"Lady Vengeance".
(It was "The Phantom of the Opera".)
We did it.
We are really good.
- We got it.
- Good job.
- They lost.
- I guessed it right.
I... Stop it.
I accept that we lost.
But let's be honest about something.
Who farted? Raise your hand.
Who farted?
I say it when I fart.
Who is it?
Hyun Moo, come on.
- I didn't go there.
- It's one of you.
It must be from your team.
We didn't go to that side.
- A lot of you came to our side.
- A lot of you came.
It could have been Henry.
- Everyone was here at least once.
- If it was me,
If it was me, I'd say it.
- How did you guess it?
- How did you get the answer?
They saw my letter,
so I just attacked them.
When I came here,
they didn't know I was here,
and they only cared
about my team on that side.
(3 minutes ago,
just before the victory)
(Eun Hyuk seized the opportunity
and entered the enemy camp.)
(He won a victory
on the blind spot.)
- That's our big picture.
- He's a genius.
- Everyone was looking that way.
- A soldier is different.
He was like a soldier
from the infiltration team.
I seized the chance
when he was off-guard.
He's a master.
You did well stirring them up,
but I couldn't hear
what you were saying.
- I worked really hard.
- You said three letters.
- But I didn't hear it.
- "Chin", "Geum", "ja".
- We could've won.
- That's everything.
We had all the letters.
That's everything we needed.
- I am sorry, but...
- That's everything.
shouldn't he have guessed it
if he had those letters?
That wasn't my duty.
(He only completes his duty.)
What? He gave us everything.
He gave us the letters
so that we could guess it.
What did you think when
you got those letters?
I thought I should
find out the rest of the letters.
(He loves Korean language.)
- You thought you should find more.
- I wanted to help the team.
He fulfilled his responsibility.
He was really fast.
- Great job.
- He's a genius.
Here's the Key Guide.
Let's choose it wisely.
Which ones are remaining?
Is there anyone in our team
who might have the Master Key?
I don't have it.
- I'm suspicious of her.
- Right.
It's her.
(Is Se Jeong the other person
with the Master Key?)
Is there anyone
you are suspicious of?
Because it's you, you're
not suspicious of anyone.
That's not it.
Are you nervous?
I think there's no one in our team.
Seven people are randomly chosen,
00:25:19.08
I'll go with this one.
It won't help them a lot.
- It's easy for Eun Hyuk to guess.
- Yes.
He's got one.
I told you.
I would say it if I have it.
- Hey, you...
- If you find...
Eun Hyuk's name in the list,
just choose him.
If my name is there,
I will tell you.
I know you. You've always
loved gold since you were young.
That's nonsense. My name
includes the word "silver".
I think you stayed
in the army far too long.
Your jokes are...
- so outdated.
- He's not used to the society.
(I'm surrounded by the enemies.)
Are there anyone you are
suspicious of?
Let's begin.
One of these people
has a Master Key.
(Who are the 7 people
that might have the Master Key?)
(Sung Jong smiles.)
Why did Eun Hyuk smile?
It's one of them.
- My goodness.
- It's surprising, isn't it?
- One of them has it?
- This is really surprising.
This is unbelievable.
(Eun Hyuk has the Master Key.)
That reaction is not necessary.
Oh, my gosh.
(It means the other 6
don't have the Master Key.)
- Is your name there, Eun Hyuk?
- Who among these...
- Yes.
- You can't tell him.
- Are you an idiot?
It's his choice whether to
believe it or not.
- There are many people here.
- Right.
(Eun Hyuk has the Master Key.)
All right. Eun Hyuk.
Will you use the Gold Chance Card?
If you don't use it now,
you won't have time to use it.
I will use it now.
(Eun Hyuk uses
the Gold Chance Card.)
I will use it now.
(Eun Hyuk earned the Gold Chance
Card by winning the Watcher vote.)
I bet he doesn't understand
what's good about it.
(What does the Gold Chance Card
give him?)
("You may choose 2 people
who might have the Master Key.")
(It's his chance to
confirm his guess.)
Wait. The last hint was...
(Soo Geun, Hyun Moo,
Shownu, Chae Yeon,)
(Sung Jong, and Henry
don't have the Master Key.)
(Jong Min, Bobby, Se Jeong,
Hong Gi, and Chan Sung...)
(are the final candidates who
might have the other Master Key.)
Who are in the other team?
Wait.
- What are you doing?
- I forgot who's there.
We've been together for hours.
And you don't know that?
You are unbelievable.
(Who has the other Master Key?)
One of them has it.
(One of them must have
the Master Key.)
Yes. Right.
(Who would Eun Hyuk choose?)
- I think it's Bobby.
- Me?
- Right?
- I am suspicious of him too.
- I am suspicious of him.
- Why?
- I am suspicious of Bobby.
Bobby might be one.
He was very aggressive today.
You saw him dancing.
He tried so hard.
And he was very aggressive
during the game.
I think it was his way of...
- distracting us.
- I know.
He's been suspicious.
I'm suspicious of Bobby.
(Does Bobby really
have the Master Key?)
I suddenly become suspicious of him.
Honestly,
I thought it was either Su Geun...
or Shownu.
But their names...
were in the list
where my name was.
So now I'm confused.
(He's going through a meltdown.)
Maybe it's...
(Jong Min)
If it's really him,
he's a genius actor.
But it might not be him.
I want to check it.
(I'm coming to get you.)
I think he has the Master Key.
Let's move back.
I am jealous.
(It's the judgement time.)
(If Jong Min has the Master Key,)
(Eun Hyuk can write his name
and become the final winner.)
Are they the ones
that have the Master Key?
(Bobby, Jong Min, Hong Gi,
Chan Sung, and Se Jeong...)
(are the strong candidates.)
(Eun Hyuk chose Jong Min.
Did he make the right guess?)
(Jong Min does not
have the Master Key.)
He doesn't know who it is.
- Isn't that more confusing?
- It's too bad.
Eun Hyuk only needs to
find one person.
Will you not be telling us
what you found out?
(I already know one person.)
You can't tell them.
Nobody understood
the rule perfectly.
(Master Key candidates are Bobby,
Se Jeong, Chan Sung, and Hong Gi.)
(Who has the hidden Master Key?)
(Strong candidates are Bobby,
Se Jeong, Chan Sung, and Hong Gi.)
(Room of Fate)
- It's difficult today.
- I know who has it.
(Time for the final judgment)
(Find out who has the Master Key
by taking everything into account.)
Everyone was clearheaded
when we first came here.
(Who has the Master Key?)
It's Chan Sung.
Is it Chan Sung?
I'm too tired to react.
(It gets more confusing.)
I have it.
(He confesses out of the blue.)
I have it too.
My goodness.
Shownu, it must be confusing
for you.
Gosh, I have no idea.
Either Chae Yeon, Bobby,
or Chan Sung has it.
(Who could it be?)
It's time to determine the winner
of Master Key.
There's voting paper on the podium.
Write the name of two people
whom you think has...
the Master Key.
Submit it in the envelope.
Gosh, I have no idea.
(It gets more confusing.)
I don't know.
Do the best you can.
- Write down two names.
- Pardon?
Shall we write them?
- In three seconds...
- Write them down.
(Who will get the most votes?)
(Will Eun Hyuk remain discreet
and find the other one?)
- Gosh.
- What's that?
There he is.
Here you go.
(They can't turn back.)
(Voting ends.)
We can no longer control our fate.
Wait, I can say this
now that we voted.
- Okay.
- Right.
At first, I was certain
that it was Bobby.
- Why?
- Don't accuse Bobby.
I should have voted Bobby.
It could be Chan Sung.
That would be surprising.
We could be completely wrong today.
- I should have written Bobby.
- Seriously.
Shall we find out the result?
Votes have been counted.
I will reveal the prize box
that the winner will be taking away.
(Here's the prize box.)
That's amazing.
(Everyone wants it.)
(It takes their breath away.)
My goodness.
We must find two Master Keys
to open the box.
Who are the two with the most votes?
- They may not have it.
- Who could it be?
- Is it Bobby?
- Let's find out.
(Who will be the winner?)
Here are the voting results.
(Who were suspected the most?)
- Who got the most votes?
- I'm scared.
- Eun Hyuk.
It's Eun Hyuk.
(He fails to hide the Master Key.)
It has to be him.
(Who else has the most votes?)
(Was it you?)
- It's Chan Sung.
- I knew it.
Come out with the key.
Come to the front.
- Goodness.
- Don't tell us yet.
- Is it Eun Hyuk?
- Please I beg you.
Isn't it Hyun Moo?
It's definitely not me.
Hyun Moo has it.
I hope we're right.
- Hyun Moo has it.
- No.
I bet the two have it.
Eun Hyuk and Chan Sung
got the most number of votes.
Please put in the key.
I'm nervous.
Why do I feel anxious?
(It's a success if Chan Sung
has the other Master Key.)
Do they have the Master Keys?
If so, that'd be amazing.
The key turned.
- The key turned.
- What?
(Does Chan Sung have
the other Master Key?)
- Doesn't Chan Sung have it?
- The key went in.
I don't think it'll open.
(Is this key the Master Key?)
It unlocked.
(Chan Sung has
the Master Key indeed.)
Was it you?
(Frustrated)
(It was Chan Sung
who had the other Master Key.)
We can find out one person
who has the Master Key.
Who could have it?
- How about...
- It could be one of us.
We have a chance card.
- We have a chance card.
(He looks at him.)
- Does the other team have it?
- That's it.
(Chan Sung tries to persuade them.)
That's it.
There's one suspicious person.
Does someone on the other team
have the Master Key or not?
Is this key the Master Key?
(In front of the podium
in Room of Fate)
(He checks if it's the Master Key.)
It's up.
(He gets surprised by
an unexpected result.)
(His red ears make it obvious.)
- Do you have it?
- No, I don't.
We guessed one right.
- Everyone suspected him.
- My goodness.
Those who guessed correctly go up.
- I will.
- Go up.
- Did you guess correctly?
- Did you?
No, I didn't.
Was Eun Hyuk wrong?
What happened?
- Three of you guessed correctly?
- Eun Hyuk.
- Wait, time out.
- Come on up, Eun Hyuk.
- I feel pathetic.
- You knew you had it.
Those who didn't have the Master Key
have priority.
As such, Chan Sung is out.
He's out.
Thank you for the prize.
- Thank you.
- Chan Sung.
Chan Sung couldn't protect his key.
He's eliminated
because he got caught.
What do you think of Chan Sung?
For two consecutive weeks,
he made the other members happy.
Congratulations.
Aren't you happy to be on our team?
- Right?
- Yes.
In 1, 2, 3.
(The winners share the prize.)
That's incredible.
They get to share it.
This is great.
- Look at those.
- Really?
- May I take a look?
- Thank you.
- Go ahead.
- Congratulations.
- You're the winner of Master Key.
Congratulations.